VideoPress: add label and help properties support for the TimestampControl component (#29454)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/videopress/src/client/components/timestamp-control/stories/TimestampControl.mdx

- type `boolean`

### label

- type `ReactNode`

If this property is added, a label will be generated using label property as the content.
ReactNode

### help

- type `ReactNode`

> If this property is added, a label will be generated using label property as the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this property is added, a help text will be added after the component using the help property as the content.
```
